In ancient times, when an Israelite made a heartfelt offering to support the temple,
that offering was referred to as a gift in hand to Jehovah.
Today, in Kingdom Halls of Jehovah's Witnesses around the world,
there are small boxes marked for voluntary contributions.
When we give our valuable things, where does it actually go?
Each year, hundreds of thousands become our new brothers and sisters.
To accommodate our growing numbers, funds are provided to help construct new places of worship,
as well as branch facilities all over the world.
One thing that I really appreciate about being here is to see family heads,
fathers and husbands choose to use their vacation time.
So thank you to the families and the congregations that support all of this and us to be here.
What's just as impressive is seeing millions of brothers and sisters voluntarily give them their funds
so that we can keep building.
Just that in itself is an amazing act of Jehovah's Holy Spirit.
Large doors leading to greater activity are being opened by means of theocratic schools.
Training is provided to help those enrolled to develop spiritually and take a zealous lead in the evangelizing work.
When you think of the organization and the education, the divine education that it provides,
there is no government on earth today that educates his citizens like the Kingdom.
It has strengthened into my relationship with Jehovah in ways I never considered before.
The training is wonderful and motivates spiritual growth.
Voluntary contributions help support the thousands of special full-time servants worldwide.
These include Bethelites.
While working in the printer, it's abundantly clear that none of this would happen without Jehovah's support,
shown by what the friends can give.
I love my assignment and serve with the knowledge that my sacrifice wouldn't be possible without the sacrifice of brothers and sisters in the field.
Also included are missionaries traveling overseas, international servants and special pioneers.
All that support makes it possible and makes our assignment a great joy and a privilege something that we look forward to.
Each and every week, each and every month, each and every year that we're able to devote our full-time efforts in preaching the goodness of the Kingdom.
It allows us to be here so that we can help as many people as possible who do want to learn about Jehovah.
Every year, we look forward to receiving rich spiritual gems at our conventions.
Funds are provided for equipment and other needs to help everything run as smoothly as possible.
It was a delight this year to see how technology was used to promote the unity.
Having the different cities involved were video streaming to them for the key talks by governing body members and their helpers.
Received tremendous response from those cities.
We've seen more people in their seats during the program because they were afraid to get up even for a moment because they might miss something that was special.
When disasters strikes, your donations help give immediate relief for our brothers and sisters in need.
Food, clothing, building materials, and much more are shipped over as quickly as possible.
I have come to really appreciate Jehovah's organization.
No other organization can compare in how it provides support in such a loving way.
I know now, you know, like, Jehovah, this look after his people, so I'm really grateful for that and I'd be praying and giving thanks.
Yes, all our contributions have a meaningful share in supporting Kingdom Interest worldwide.
Each donation is like a gift in hand to our Heavenly Father, Jehovah.
When we give from our heart, we are expressing our love for Him and that is the best gift we can give Him.